---
title: "Putting their hard work together to better the community"
date: 2024-04-03
categories: 
  - "archives"
coverImage: "why-dont-you-celabrate-halloween.png"
author: "MDahill"
---

Cheyenne East High School’s SkillsUSA members Caroline Di Senso, Allie Wagner, and Charli Cameron bring the Cheyenne community together by creating, documenting, and promoting the community service project Sponsor a Senior that benefit’s East High’s seniors in need. Starting in early November of 2023, members of East SkillsUSA reached out to several local businesses to help support this cause. Local businesses had the opportunity to donate money, services, and more! East High faculty members also contributed by donating prom tickets and yearbooks. In total, the Cheyenne community was able to donate over $7,000 worth of items. Members created a Google Forms link that allowed East High staff to nominate a senior that might be in need or would enjoy given items. With the $7,000 raised, SkillsUSA members created 2 dorm essential baskets containing comforters, sheets, dishes, detergent, cleaning supplies and more. Hygiene baskets were also made for both males and females. One basket was also put together containing school supplies and technology items. Each basket contained over $100 of well budgeted items for those in need. A local salon, Artistry 33 Hair Company, donated three haircuts. Members also created three different bundles of items including: 5 prom tickets, 5 yearbook AND prom ticket packages. Lastly, a local western boutique, The Desperado Boutique, donated a prom dress and fitting for a senior in need. That senior will be notified the first week of April and fitted for her dream dress shortly after. Her family has already been contacted. Other participating members will receive their prom tickets on Friday May 03, 2023 and other participants will receive their items the week of May 13, 2024. In total, 26 seniors were graciously touched through the Sponsor a Senior community service project. Those seniors and their families will be notified within the next few weeks. With state SkillsUSA being right around the corner, Di Senso, Wagner, and Cameron are working closely with advisors Kelsey Bomgardner and Tina Quick to successfully complete the Sponsor a Senior project to make many seniors’ year
